Refine documentation on logging (#8550)
JabRef/jabref: docs/getting-into-the-code/code-howtos.md

  ```

* SLF4J also support parameterized logging, e.g. if you want to print out multiple arguments in a log statement use a pair of curly braces. [Examples](https://www.slf4j.org/faq.html#logging_performance)

> * When running tests, `tinylog-debug.properties` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When running tests, `tinylog-test.properties` is used. It is located under `src/test/resources`
```
